[playing piano]
[piano continues]
[male pathologist] Cut and stab wounds
focused in the abdominal area.
about five or so in total.
We have another stab here.
injury to the left common carotid artery
with severe blood loss.
[door closes]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
-[piano continues]
-[banging at door]
-Police!
-[music stops]
-Open up!
-[banging continues]
♪ My dear mister ♪
♪ Your love for me... ♪
[Maks] Find Helena!
♪ Brings me joy... ♪
♪ Sir. beside you. I flower like ♪
♪ A rose... ♪
[Denar] "High-society killer."
[Makowiecki] A little creative license.
[Denar] Mm-hmm.
"Crime in the den of debauchery." Mmm.
Well my friend. I must say
Poland's gone downhill.
You should know...
that former buddy of yours.
from the magazine.
is powerless now.
His paper is up for grabs.
You're telling me
the loan for Fortuna is...
Well. that'll be my job.
Swaying the women will be mine.
Procreation for the nation.
Great plan. Mr. Denar.
[Makowiecki] Thank you.
[Makowiecki] The masses will eat it up.
[Denar] Yes they will.
-[Maks grunting]
-[Marek drinking]
[Maks] What the hell are you guys doing?
Putting on...
some kind of act?
What was your relationship with the dancer
-Felicja Turczyk?
-[chuckles]
Is that what you would call it?
You happened to be
at a burlesque performance last night.
Well...
As I remember. you were also there.
Numerous witnesses at the club
saw you drinking quite a bit.
Should I remind you how much you drank?
You know. I wouldn't recommend
making false accusations against
-a state police officer.
-What fucking...
What accusations exactly?
C'mon now.
We were both screwing beautiful girls
like we do every week.
That's not illegal yet. as far as I know.
You are a suspect in the murder of
the burlesque dancer. Felicja Turczyk.
and in committing
the rape of Hanna Stalowna
and Zuzanna Heckmann.
[scoffs] You're trying
to pin this on me now. are you?
Did you commit them?
I have no more to say to you. old friend.
Not without my lawyer here.
[street chatter]
I'm gonna head in.
Helena.
Being seen with me won't help your image.
I'll be alright. okay? Trust me.
I've got a great poker face.
You weren't acting last night.
You don't owe me anything. Emil.
Oh. really?
No quid pro quo?
My husband committed rape
and probably murder.
I'm addicted to opium.
I'm past my prime at 34.
and can offer you nothing but scandal.
You don't want me screwing you up.
You don't know what I want.
Stay safe. Emil.
[street vendor] Come and get it!
Fresh and hot!
-[taxi driver] Three zloty for the ride.
-[street vendor] Still hot!
-Come and get it. hot off the grill!
-Thank you. ma'am.
[street chatter stops]
[Marek] To be frank.
your husband needs a solid alibi.
-I take it that you--
-[Róża] My brother spent the night
at my place. At the casino.
I run a salon.
Discrete and. um. private and--
Oh. I'm sure your wife's told you of it.
Speaking of whom. how is Anna?
She's fine. thank you.
[drinking]
Let me remind you
that anyone caught fabricating an alibi
is also subject to punishment.
but we all know that.
My brother came home last night.
My sister-in-law can vouch for him.
Can't you. dear?
I dunno.
I myself wasn't at home.
[Róża] Hmm.
So. you weren't home?
[laughing] Wait. are you implying
that Mrs. Wroblewska here could also be
some kind of cold-blooded killer?
[Róża and lawyer laughing]
[lawyer chuckles]
[Konieczny] I'm sorry. I'll be right back.
[Konieczny] Excuse me.
[door closes]
[faint chatter in the background]
-I'll keep coming til you find it.
-Don't make a scene. madam.
-I need my wallet back. officer!
-Calm down.
-No. I'm not going anywhere.
-Please. Ma'am. ple-- please...
-Go look for him!
-Mr. Heckmann!
-...you're making this harder.
-I don't believe you.
-[argument continues]
-It's because of me.
The photo you gave me. I told her about it
and she took it upon herself.
Did she mention Maks Wróblewski?
She must've learned too much
and he killed her.
Wróblewski knew Zuza.
They had an affair.
Oh. did they?
That would be a perfect lead. wouldn't it?
What are you implying?
That would tie everything up
so neatly for you.
Unfortunately. real life
never happens that neatly.
Why isn't anyone here
taking this seriously?
The longer we spend arguing in here.
the farther away
he's probably gotten with my wallet.
[Helena] Goodbye.
[Róża] What the hell are you doing?
You'll ruin our case.
Where were you last night?
Well. was Maks with you last night?
Mrs. Wroblewska!
Superintendent!
Just "Officer."
Yes. yes. I'm bringing you a lead.
Please question Heckmann again.
His sister danced at the same joint
as the victim.
-Perhaps--
-Heckmann didn't kill anyone.
And how can you be so sure?
Because I was with him.
[Cesia] No. you'll drop it!
-[Grześ] I won't!
-You'll drop it!
-I won't!
-[Ewa chuckle]
-Yes you will!
-No. I won't!
[Ewa] We're home.
What would they like to eat?
We went to the store.
Cesia is beautiful.
and he is brave.
Smart. sweet children.
[Ewa smiling breath]
Why don't you both go play
for a little while?
-[Cesia and Grześ] Yeah.
-Okay. off you go.
-[laughing]
-[children giggle]
-[Hanka] Take them.
-What?
Just take them.
[Hanka shuddering]
Take them where?
I can't take care of them.
I'd prefer they went to a loving home.
What?
[Grześ] Pow. pow. pow. pow!
-[giggling]
-I wouldn't be a good parent.
-[giggle]
-[shaky inhales]
I aborted my child
after falling pregnant.
I paid for it.
I'm bad. [breathing heavily]
I mean. I want children.
I have so much to give.
But I just can't.
Not with that man.
[Bruno] Here's the loan application
the boss signed.
It's secured against our home.
And they revoked the loan.
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
Is... is this due to Maks being arrested?
You could go and prove
you're more reliable than your husband.
We need to go prove our solvency to them.
Are we solvent?
-Which bank?
-National Economy.
So. prepare the documents
and the power of attorney.
Uh... Have the secretary set up a meeting
with Kazimierz Kakol
from long-term lending.
Ma'am. our accountant
already spoke to them and they said no.
Tell them Helena would like a chat
with our King of Hearts.
[Cesia] Let's play hide and seek.
[Denar] Maksymilian Wróblewski
has given himself over
to the murderous forces of evil
-[Cesia] Give it to me!
-[Grześ] No!
-It is the fruit of satanic temptation...
-[Cesia] Come. come.
...the seeds of which were planted
in our country
by Boy and his followers.
-[applause]
-[man 1] Bravo!
[man 2] Bravo!
-Wonderful!
-That means a lot. Thank you. sir.
-[cheering and chattering]
-[Boy] Only once...
Only once birth control
is effective and accessible
and simple.
will the termination
of a pregnancy
become a barbaric leftover of the past!
The prevalence of infanticide
and starving children
will be no more than
a horrific distant memory.
Just a vestige of a bygone time
akin to cannibalism!
♪ God! Holy and mighty! ♪
♪ Holy and immortal! ♪
♪ Have mercy on us! ♪
♪ Holy and mighty! ♪
♪ Holy Lord... ♪
Well. good for you. Superintendent.
[Lew chuckles]
Why don't you ask
the superintendent? [chuckles]
He was there. after all.
[Konieczny] Cause I'm asking you.
you scumbag.
Where is it?
Up my ass.
You wanna see?
-[assaulting grunts]
-[pained grunts]
[Konieczny] You fucking prick!
[Lew] Who you think you are
tryna boss me around?
In my kingdom?
I'm the king of this city!
The king? [panting]
-[getting slapped]
-[panting]
Alright.
-Here's how it goes.
-[grunting]
You're gonna tell me who took
these goddamn photos and where.
and in return. I won't kill you.
-[spitting]
-[panting]
Move!
[Lew] It was... right here.
And you took the pictures?
Don't remember. I must've been wasted.
-[gunshot]
-Holy fuck!
[pained groans]
I wanted leverage on the superintendent.
For blackmail purposes.
Where were you hiding?
[Lew panting]
[shaky breaths]
Did Janeczek know about it?
Uh-uh.
[intense music playing]
[faint chatter in the background]
[Janeczek] What's going on? Make it quick.
[Konieczny] From the owner
of the burlesque club.
He's got a nice little side income.
[Janeczek] Lew took these?
And he would just...
hand them over?
[chuckles] He'd never.
When'd you make an agreement with Lew?
A while back.
I bring him clients from time to time.
It's good money.
Want me to rope you in?
What do you say?
Sometimes you have to let go
or you'll go mental.
Are you responsible
for the murder of Felicja Turczyk?
[angry breathing]
I may've fucked her.
but I damn well didn't kill her.
[angry breathing]
What do you want? Money?
-All I want is to find her killer.
-[heavy breathing]
Wróblewski doesn't suit you?
Maybe he's the one who sent those photos.
He did the same thing to Denar.
It's his M.O.
It was anonymous.
I have no clue who sent them.
Seems like someone's got it out
for us cops.
Who would dare work against
the state police force?
Someone with quite
a bit of evidence on their side.
Evidence that helps Wróblewski.
I'm telling you. he's our murderer.
That'll never hold up in court of law.
Hey!
[pants] You better can it.
I'm warning you.
This is my case. you understand?
[heavy breathing]
Some might say it's time to step aside.
[car window thumping]
[door opens]
King. how come
you left me hanging for so long?
I was on holiday in Capri.
But now I'm completely at your disposal.
How have you been?
I'm actually doing very well.
I owe that to you.
I knew you'd find happiness.
Mm.
-And you?
-Oh. I believe you know why I'm calling.
Mr. Wróblewski's loan application.
secured by his villa.
has been denied. it would seem.
Because of his arrest?
The house hasn't lost its market value.
I highly doubt that sum would cover
all of his debts anyway.
Unless you have other assets
you can leverage.
Any possible way you could get them
to maybe reconsider?
Look. this isn't financial.
It's political.
Bogumil Makowiecki is well-known
for deliberately freezing funds
to papers he later sells
below market value.
What is it's market value?
I don't know the paper's situation.
But I would recommend you not cross him.
Unless you know someone with more pull
than I have who can help you out.
Thanks for the tip.
[maid] Ms. Helena! [panting]
Ms. Helena! [panting]
Yes. I'll be ready in a moment.
-The taxi can wait.
-You should probably come downstairs.
[man] Helena!
Helena!
Fuck. you're such a gorgeous woman.
[panting]
[flustered]
You've been released.
[Maks mumbling]
Woah. I've got it.
-Ah! Oh. God!
-[Maks groan]
Maks.
Helena...
Maks. get up!
-Grab him. Help him up.
-Gorgeous...
Oh. get up!
Get up!
[struggling efforts]
Helena...
-[struggling efforts]
-Gorgeous...
-Leave him there.
-You're gorgeous.
[panting]
Beautiful.
Stay here and watch him.
But what if he tries to leave?
Don't let him!
CHARITY BALL
FOR CRIPPLED CHILDREN
[singing operatic song]
Thank you for the invitation.
I couldn't pass up
the pleasure of your company.
Please. sit down.
Since this is a charity event.
how about a temporary truce?
[man chuckles]
I'm not at war with you. Helena.
And...
Where's your wife tonight?
Well she's not in prison
like your husband.
She's at home.
-with a migraine.
-Ah.
Then perhaps we seize the opportunity?
To dance! Calm down.
I mean only if God
and the fatherland permit you to.
[people giggling]
It'd be sinful to pass it up.
I wanted to talk to you
about Fortuna's situation.
You mean about Maks's debts?
Mm.
You know about them?
As Fortuna Amandi's next editor-in-chief.
how could I not know?
[Denar chuckles]
The paper will be up for auction.
You'd be a fool if you thought
I'd let that chance slip by.
Makowiecki has promised me
the position of editor-in-chief.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
I know that Fortuna Amandi is your child.
The one you could never have.
-Good night.
-Wait. wait.
The paper will take on a new look.
but I think some things
could stay the same.
wouldn't you say?
We could work together. you and I.
We'd lose the matchmaking
and keep the love.
Be the journalist you are.
You've always been a brilliant writer.
I'm calling the truce off.
[sighs heavily]
[gasp] What're you doing. sir?
-Dear God...
-Something...
[panting] I should have done
a long time ago.
[footsteps receding]
-[applause]
-[violin music playing]
What do you want?
Never enough. is it?
You're drunk. Róża.
My brother. your little lover.
and now Denar too?
Why don't you kiss him already?
-Who?
-Whoever you like.
I'm sick of you!
Leave me alone!
Helena!
Right here.
Can you pull over here?
Let me out. Stop.
Heckmann!
Where is she?
What do you want?
Where is my wife. you bastard?
I have no idea.
-But I find it pretty pathetic...
-Get off!
...that you don't know.
You fucked her.
You did. you lying son of a bitch.
[panting]
[panting continues]
If you can no longer live...
you might as well die. [sobbing]
[both grunting. struggling and panting]
-[Emil grunts]
-[gunshot]
[Róża] He's run off.
He's your brother.
not your damn lover. Christ.
Gonna crawl into his bed as well?
-[scoffs]
-[swallowing]
Wait. come back.
Leave me some opium.
Good night.
I'm leaving him. Róża.
[heavy breathing]
Wiktor Denar...
is a moral authority.
-[chuckles] Oh...
-He's an honorable man.
He would never divorce.
so don't hold your breath for that man.
Forgive me. I'm sorry.
I didn't know you and Denar were a thing.
-[giggles]
-[heavy breathing]
[continues giggling]
You mock me.
but you've never felt passionate love
-and you never will.
-[continues giggling]
You can't imagine
what it would make a woman do
because you aren't brave enough
to feel vulnerability
or passion. you coward.
[giggles] With Denar?
[continues giggling]
[heavy breathing]
[gasping]
Oh...
Take this off.
[whimpering]
Let's go.
Your husband was too drunk to aim.
I think you'd better go.
Want me to?
[Róża] Well I called the doctor and he--
[clearing throat]
Take your lover boy.
pack your things.
and get the fuck out of this house.
Your time's up.
This is my house. Róża!
Helena...
I'll do whatever I want!
Give it!
Screw you.
-[grunts]
-[glass shatters]
[maid] Should I serve breakfast out here?
I'd like you to bring a coffee for me.
sour milk for him.
[Maks scoffs]
[Maks] It says here...
"If women laze about.
intoxicating themselves
with alcohol and opium.
that doesn't bode well
for society."
-[grunting]
-Why did they let you leave?
Janeczek...
[sighs]
...wanted to put me away for murder.
It was a flimsy case.
so they put someone else in charge.
I'm not this Pure-Hearted Jan guy.
As much as I know...
you would like to believe.
[Maks sighs]
-[birds chirping]
-[song playing faintly]
I called the bank of the phone.
They pulled your loan.
It would appear your debts
will bring down our paper.
It's not our paper.
It's my paper.
And I can do
whatever I damn well want with it.
It's Denar's now. actually.
He'll be the next editor-in-chief.
He even offered me a job.
[inhales sharply]
And did you take the job?
[exhales]
You're pathetic. Maks.
[gloomy music playing]
I assume you're here about a loan.
After Denar's attacks.
Mmm...
Fortuna has fallen on hard times.
It's only temporary though.
and with your help we can pull through.
They're trying to take it.
Denar and Makowiecki.
but I won't let them have Fortuna Amandi.
So...
if you become my business partner...
[Ludwik] Mmm.
[puffs]
Can you afford a partnership?
[exhales]
A little birdie told me
the bank pulled all your money.
Simply rumors.
-So. can we count on your help?
-Well...
Mmm. sure. At one time.
But recently. quite a bit of money
disappeared from my safe.
all rather mysteriously.
Care to tell your aunt. my dear.
what you spent all that money on?
[exhales]
[sipping]
I'll leave you alone.
At least tell me
what you spent it on? [clearing throat]
I ended the pregnancy.
[Ludwik clears throat]
What did you just say?
[breathing anxiously]
[continues breathing anxiously]
I got an abortion.
[coughs]
[clears throat]
[clearing throat]
[coughing]
-I aborted your child.
-[clears throat]
I see...
'Cause you raped me.
[inhales and exhales deeply]
You son of a bitch.
[coughing]
[grunts with discomfort]
Do you hear me?
[coughing]
[gasps softly]
-I hope you rot in hell. [growling]
-[clears throat aggressively]
[grunting and panting]
[exhales]
[bell rings]
[grunts]
[inhales and exhales deeply]
[sniffles]
[panting and grunting]
Get out. Both of you.
[exhales]
[clears throat. coughing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Good evening.
-my dear doctor.
-Ah. Wróblewski!
-I've heard about your troubles.
-Well. my friend.
I've heard about yours as well.
A toast to troublemakers?
The things we do...
for art. huh?
Join me at my table.
Take my cane.
[applause and cheering]
[man 3] Whoo-hoo. Yes!
Excuse me. my table...
I'm sorry sir. but tonight
-you're at another table.
-Mr. Roman...
Right this way. Please follow me. sir.
Come on.
Aren't they wonderful?
-Yes. I could never.
-[chuckle]
Imagine me tap-dancing.
-Mr. Roman...
-[chuckling]
Enjoy the show.
-[man 4] Bravo!
-[people cheering]
-[men] Bravo!
-[man 5] Bravo!
[man 5] More. more!
[actor] My darling.
where in the world have you been?
-At the Conscious Motherhood Clinic.
-[laughing]
Are all those horrible rumors true?
That that place is a den
of sin and indecency?
Of course. my dear husband.
Sinning is kind of par for the course
when so many women in heat
gather in one room.
-[laughing]
-[Makowiecki] That was quite a good one.
[crowd applauding and cheering]
[actor] Thank you. Thank you.
[man 6] Bravo! Bravo!
[knocking]
[breathing heavily]
Emil. I can't do it.
[panting]
I can't go on like this.
[continues panting]
I need my medicine.
Helena!
[continues panting]
You're a doctor. aren't you?
You have to help the sick.
We agreed you wouldn't do this.
[growls] You have to help those in need.
[sobs] Isn't that what you learned
in the academy?
I'm not giving you any drugs.
It's just a little laudanum.
They give it to everyone in the hospital.
Then go to the hospital.
[shuddering]
Helena.
Helena!
-[sighs]
-[door closes]
-[laughing]
-[indistinct chatter]
You damn dirty dog!
-Yeah. woof woof. [laughing]
-[woman laughing]
[Boy] There once was a lovely young thing.
-"My name's Ludmila" I heard her sing.
-[man] Whoo!
-[woman] Oh.
-Though I admit she was a little fat.
-She was always...
-[woman laughing]
-...rather keen to chat!
-[Maks] Keen to chat!
[laughing]
[cheering]
-[laughing]
-[Boy] She would often dream at night.
-that a noble knight would...
-[Maks] Bang her! [laughing]
...take her in his might. And she...
with eager delight.
would offer her virtue outright.
and she was quite fond of him.
She'd give her body.
Who cares it wasn't slim?
-[Boy] Cheers!
-[Maks] Whoo!
[laughing]
[Maks] Darling!
Everyone look!
Dear guests. it's my darling wife
who's just come back from her lover.
Well. how about it?
Wanna join us. sweetheart?
-[woman chuckles]
-[man 7] Cheers!
[laughing]
-To the innocence of youth!
-[cheering]
[woman] Whoo! Cheers!
Vodka. vodka. vodka. vodka.
[exclaims]
[muffled party in the distance]
Here. this will help.
[grunts softly]
Mom. I. um...
When you were a baby...
you refused to take my breast.
As if to punish me.
Mom... Mom. I'm... [whimpers]
[sniffles] I would never do it on purpose.
You're the same as your father.
[Róża exhales]
You were always so stubborn.
It was hard to love you.
-Why must you put me through--
-Oh. hush you.
I have to help Helena.
I'm sorry for what I said. I was terrible.
And thank you again.
Don't mention it.
After all. we're sisters.
There's nothing that can't be forgiven
when it comes to family.
[blows sharply]
Tell that to your daughter.
She needs to hear it.
Ewa has to join the real world.
And the real world forces you to learn
from your mistakes.
And you?
What did you learn?
I learned to forgive.
I forgive you.
[tense music playing]
[exhales]
[gasps softly]
[sinister music playing]
[Ewa] Helena!
Mom?
Helena!
[Róża screams]
[panting]
[Róża] Oh. my god. I just found her.
[Ewa] Can you hear me. Helena?
[shuddering breaths]
Come on. Wake up!
-Helena. wake up. please!
-It's over. darling. She's dead.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-